16 new features, 28 bug fixes. Starting
with the headline, Claude Opus 4.6 now
defaults to 64,000 output tokens. That's
a massive jump. And both Opus 4.6 and
Sunonnet 4.6 now support an upper bound
of 128,000 tokens. Bigger outputs, same
command. Session handling gets four
upgrades. Resume is now 45% faster with
up to 150 megabytes less peak memory on
large sessions. Sessions autoname
themselves from your plan content when
you accept a plan. The slashwalk command
is renamed to slash branch. Slark still
works as an alias and /copy now accepts
an optional index to grab the NTA latest
assistant response. 1 million tokens is
now in your claude plan. Sounds like a
superpower. There are three real
trade-offs before you go allin. Watch
this next. A critical security fix.
Pre-tool. Use hooks returning allow
where bypassing deny permission rules.
including enterprise managed settings
that's patched.
A new allowed sandbox setting reenables
read access inside deny red regions for
finer file system control and the right
tool no longer silently converts line
endings when overwriting CRLF files.
Three performance wins. MacOSS startup
is about 60 milliseconds faster by
reading keychain credentials in parallel
with module loading. Memory growth from
longunning sessions is fixed. Progress
messages will survive in compaction and
cost and token usage is now tracked
correctly when the API falls back to
non-streaming mode. Plug-in tooling gets
a major upgrade. Clot plug-in validate
now checks skill agent and command front
matter plus hooks.json catching yl pass
errors and schema violations. The agent
tool no longer accepts a resume
parameter. Use sent message with the
agent ID to continue a stopped agent
which now autoresumes instead of
erroring. and get sub plugins in
different subdirectories of the same
monorreo no longer collide in the
plug-in cache. Four bash fixes always
allow uncompound commands like cd into
npm test was saving one rule for the
full string instead of per subcommand.
Fixed background bash tasks that go
rogue are now killed when output exceeds
5 GB.
Bash no longer reports errors for
successful commands when your temp
directory path contains spaces and paste
is no longer lost when typing
immediately after pasting. Four terminal
fixes backspace and delete now work
correctly in vn o r m a l mode. The
status line now updates when v mode is
toggled on or off. Ordered list numbers
now render properly in the terminal UI
and CJK characters no longer visually
bleed into adjacent UI elements when
clipped at the right edge. Five terminal
environment fixes. Background colors now
render correctly inside T-Max with the
default configuration.
Item two no longer crashes when you
select text inside T-Max over SSH.
Clipboard copy and t-mox now shows a
toast telling you whether to paste with
command y or the t-mox prefix IDE
integration now autoconnects when cla
code is launched inside t-mox or screen
and item 2 auto mode correctly detects
item 2 for native split paint teammates
3s code and IDE improvements plan
preview tab titles now use the plan's
actual heading instead of the generic
cla plan the footer now points to the
mac option click forces selection
setting When option click doesn't
trigger native selection on Mac OS and
hyperlinks no longer open twice on
commandclick in VS Code cursor and other
exterm.jsbased terminals. Run clot
update to get everything in this
release. Over 75,000 developers are
already building with clot code on
GitHub. If this breakdown saved you
time, subscribe and hit the bell. You
won't miss an update.